Mass Destruction
Even now, Mr. Yoshika slips in every time and even has to deal with bikes from significant points.
Pour out all of your cooking teachings and prove that you can do good.
And here comes the answer from Kamito de Uder Ecuador.
The neither is good nor good at cooking.
Don't forget the
limit busy ....
Totering words
and forget and
Oh, I see.
In this world,
you are the cold Mitsuji.
Then, as you say,
you will be replaced by Iwaji.
What?
Oh, Okon-san, then you...
Then, you...
You really want to be replaced by Iwaji?
What lies are you talking about?
Oh, Mom...
Oh, I love you...
Hey, hey, hey!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Come on, come on, come on!
Then, say it right away.
Again, with one eye,
come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
I'm sick of it,
and I'm dying of tears.
I'm dying of tears.
I don't know what's going on.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
I'm scared.
This song is like a song from a fairy tale.
My songs are always like that.
But, well...
It's so funny.
How do you know that?